[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Hi.
-You're not in the
music business, are you?
-No.
Why do you say that?
-Because you actually
seem like you like music.
-I'm in real estate.
-Real estate?
-Really?
-For real.
-For realz?
-You're funny.
-With a Z?
With a mother fucking Z?
[MOANING]
-Oh god!
Oh!
Fuck!
[MOANING] It's intense.
We could do it as
a whisper listing.
-What's a whisper listing?
-It's a private
sale, invite only,
'cause the buyer's desperate.
-I like that.
I like desperate.
-And if your dad's house
is in the hilly part
of the Palisades, it
can be worth a fortune.
Yeah.
-$10 million.
-Super hilly up there.
-$15 million.
-Yeah.
-So hilly.
-Just keep going up.
-Ah.
[THEME MUSIC]
-No more secrets.
-Yeah, no more secrets.
-This house--
-Yeah.
-This summer.
-Our new life.
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah, just you and me now.
[INAUDIBLE]
[MOANING]
-Yeah, that's so good.
That's so good.
Oh.
Mmm.
What if, like, now that
it's in the open, like,
we lose our mojo?
[MOANING]
-You mean, now
because Barb knows?
-OK, please, let's not say her
name while you're fucking me.
-All I'm thinking about is you.
You're my baby.
-Get the dick.
Get the dick.
Get the dick!
-Is this what you want, baby?
-That's what I want, yeah.
Wha-- what's happening?
-It's just real
tiny, carpet fuzz.
Got it!
-Ahh!
-OK, yes!
-That's Barb.
-Please don't get that.
Oh my god.
-Honey, I got to.
It's co-parent credo.
I gotta get it.
-Fuck.
-Hey Barb.
Wait, what's going
on with Bianca?
-Who's Bianca?
-Fuck.
-He's gone.
-How long has he been gone for?
-A couple hours.
Mm.
These Greek yoghurts
were my left stop
before the Ensure train.
God, what happens to us.
-Mum, why don't we
go look for him?
-Yeah, we probably
should, because the temple
is sending over a rabbi
later to check on me,
and if they find
out he's missing,
I'll be the talk of the temple.
The lady who
misplaced her husband.
You're going to search
without me, because I got
to run to my
doctor's appointment.
I cancelled, but I had to
wait three months to get in.
Oh, and talk to the
guard at the gate.
He always brings dad back
when he finds him wandering.
-What do you mean?
Has this happened before?
-Close the refrigerator.
-Oh my god.
-Do you have any reaction to it?
Does it make you
moody, or anything?
-No, no, not anymore.
-You want to help me?
Come on.
-Are you kidding me?
-Yeah, you'll be fine.
Here, take this.
-Not my greatest.
-You'll be fine.
OK.
-OK, there's a swab right there.
And here's what
you're going to do.
Right there, into that muscle.
-OK, ready?
One, two,
-Three.
-Wow.
Yeah?
-That's great.
Thank you.
-Well done.
-Mm-hmm.
-You take a pill with that?
-No, not anymore.
I used to take these.
These are the Premarin.
-Oh, Premarin!
Let me see?
-Yep.
-Should I take one?
-Nothing's going
to happen to you.
It's oestrogen,
not heroin, girl.
-You OK?
-Oh, my breasts
are getting bigger.
[LAUGHTER]
--[INAUDIBLE] was pregnant with
Bianca when we fell in love,
so I kind of think
of her as my own.
-But you were with
Quinn before Barb, so--
-Yeah, it's a little--
- --why is Bianca--
- --big family--
-So OK, so like,
when we break up,
Bianca's going to
start calling me?
-We are never, ever,
going to break up.
-'Cause I'm not joining your
Lesbian Underground Railroad.
-Bianca!
Baby!
Baby, baby, come on in.
-Hi, Sarah.
Hi!
Oh, so nice to meet you.
You're so pretty!
-She is pretty.
-Where's the pool?
-Straight out that way.
-She's adorable.
-Told you.
-Hi, excuse me.
Can I ask for your help?
-Yes, ma'am.
Hey, you're the one who
got the geese all aroused.
-Yeah, not on purpose, but yes.
Um, my mum's husband,
Ed, is missing.
He's got grey hair.
And he wears, like,
big, poofy, dockers.
-Yeah, he wanders
off all the time.
-OK, do you know where he goes?
-He's got all kinds
of usual places.
I tell you what-- grab a cart.
And I'll show you where
he usually hangs out.
OK?
-Jesus, this is an aphasia
patient's worst nightmare.
Everything looks
exactly the same.
He must be so confused.
-I got to be honest here.
This has never happened before.
-You said he wandered
off all the time.
-He does, but he
wasn't by the vending
machines, or that
bench by the pool.
And he's always by the ducks.
He wasn't by the ducks.
He loves those ducks.
Oh, here comes my man, Tiffany.
-I got your APB.
The individual in question was
last spotted at the 7-eleven
down the street, hanging
around the soda machines,
making what the
kids call a suicide.
-Suicide?
-Oh, yeah, it's just--
it's just a drink,
with like a bunch
of flavours in it.
You got Coke, uh, Sprite,
orange, diet, there's
some vanilla, Mr. Pibb
if you're real lucky.
-Yep.
-And where is the 7-eleven?
-Oh, it's down in the marina.
-The marina?
There's a lot of water
down at the marina.
Are you sure it was Ed, Ed
Paskowitz, that you saw?
-Afraid so, ma'am.
-All right.
-OK.
-Let's go get him.
Thank you Tiffany, my man.
-Good luck, good luck.
-And so, she told me if I
didn't like it, I could leave.
So I did.
-I know you want to
blame Scientology,
but you and I both
know, Quinn's always
been a little bit, Quinn's
way or the highway.
-Oh my god, you know
what we could do?
-What?
-She could be our summer girl.
-What's a summer girl?
-Oh, it's like, um, it's like a
cooler than average babysitter.
Like, you just take them
to the movies and stuff.
We had one when
we were your age.
Rita.
Do you like kids?
-I do, when I don't feel
like they're judging me.
-This could be really good.
We wouldn't have to
send the kids to camp.
Did you already
register at Tumbleweed.
-Um, well I wrote the check.
I don't know if I mailed it yet.
-Oh my god.
It's going to be perfect.
Perfect, perfect,
perfect, perfect, perfect!
-There's an extra
playground over here.
And, uh, also a
little fence that
leads to a bunch of
wilderness up there.
-Amazing.
-I mean, it's incredible.
Hi, kids.
What's up?
-Hi, Uncle Joshy!
Hi, Uncle Joshy!
-Hi.
Uh-- who are you?
-I'm the summer girl.
-Summer girl?
-Mm-hmm.
I'm here for like a minute.
Summer, whatever.
-You're staying here.
Like sleeping here?
-Yes.
I'm Tammy's ex-stepdaughter.
-Oh!
-Who are you?
-Josh, this is my house.
I lived here.
I grew up here at least.
This is Kristin.
She's from Sotheby's.
-Hi, Kristin from Sotheby's.
-So if you're
Sarah's brother, that
means you could be
my uncle one day.
Wouldn't that be fun?
-Um, I have to think about that.
-Hey, Uncle.
-OK, you want to
show me the interior?
-Sure, OK.
-I'll catch up with you later.
-Namaste.
-Hey, girl, hey.
-Oh, I can't hear you.
Namaste!
-Hey, girl, hey.
-OK, everyone take
a plank position.
Good.
Plank position.
That's right.
We're going to
have some fun now.
Uh-oh.
OK, no injuries today.
-I'm sorry.
I took some medication
this morning
and I'm feeling kind of floaty.
-OK, no problem.
Put your head down.
We're going to hang out
in child's pose for now.
Head down, bottom up.
Good girl.
Just continue to
practise at home,
and build on that core strength.
That's key.
-Since I've been
on that Premarin,
I've had totally different
reaction in my body.
-Well, it's magical stuff.
-She took her first pill
about two hours ago.
You're having a
placebo effect, Maura.
-What's this?
-Take one.
-Trans Got Talent,
coming up again.
-Yes, well you know.
We made so much money
last year, that we
were able to buy a
brand new Mr. Coffee.
-What is Trans Got Talent.
That sounds beautiful.
-Well girl, if you got talent,
now's the time to let it shine.
-Talent defined
broadly, of course.
-I might have some talent.
-You never know.
-Marvellous.
Absolutely stunning.
-I know, it needs a little
updating, but pretty great.
-What?
Updating?
What are you talking about?
This is a Buff & Hensman.
-OK, Josh, you know,
why don't you--
why don't you educate
me, 'cause clearly--
-She's a designer, OK?
She's executed million
dollar properties
in Orlando and Vegas, Josh.
-Yeah, whoopty fucking doo.
Too bad preservationists are
jizzing themselves-- excuse
me Kristin-- for a house
exactly in this condition.
-Yeah, from a value
standpoint, I tend to agree.
-Thank you.
-Really?
-Yeah, I'm from Sotheby's.
-Oh.
You know what?
Why don't you take,
I'm sorry, Kristin?
Into the kitchen, honey, and
show her some your ideas.
-Hey, Tam?
Um, promise me you're
not going to touch
the house without
talking to me first.
-Sure, bro.
Promise.
-Shake on it.
Not your bro.
-Don't call me Tam.
-Hey, you're going to
let her come in here
and fucking wreck the place?
-She's got great ideas.
What you're just going to
bring your little real estate
agent out here, and
try to sell the place
right out from under us?
We're staying here this summer.
-Hey, she just happens to
be a real estate agent.
We're in a relationship.
-Oh, I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to offend you.
You actually found,
like, the biggest titted
real estate agent in
all of Los Angeles.
Sounds very convenient.
-Uh, by the way, they're real.
-You been getting
these texts from Allie?
-Yeah, I've been
ignoring them all day.
Wait.
Ed's gone.
-Yeah.
-I mean, he lived
a long life, right?
-Read the rest, ass-wipe.
He's missing.
She just like wants to see
if we can help find him.
-Oh, OK.
All right.
That's fucked.
-So do you have plans.
-Yeah, I have plans.
I'm a grown man.
-Come on.
Let's go.
-I'm not going to--
-I am not going to the
marina triangle by myself.
OK?
You're coming with me.
-OK, exactly what
time did she lose him?
-I don't know.
She won't tell me.
I'm getting all my
info from the guard.
This reminds me of
when our cat ran away.
-Pepper?
-Yeah.
-Oh fuck.
That was horrible.
-And then we realised
she just went
to go live with the Weisbergs.
-Maybe Ed just lives
with somebody else now.
-Mum would love that.
-You know what?
I wanted to go live
with the Weisbergs then,
and I still want to
live with the Weisbergs?
-You all right up there?
-No, I'm not all right, OK?
Ed's missing.
He can't talk.
He doesn't know where he is.
And nobody seems to give a shit.
Go look up there.
-Is she OK?
What the fuck is going on?
-Jesus, it's Ali being Ali.
-It is messed up that we
grew up in California,
and they never once
took us out on a boat.
-It's 'cause they were
terrified of everything.
-Yeah, are Jews, like, more
anxious than the average
person, or do I just notice
it because I know more Jews?
-What the fuck are you
two doing up there?
-We're just-- we're
making sure that Ed's
not hiding in one
of these boats.
Nope.
Not this one.
-Hey, is that the warehouse?
-Yeah.
-Bloody Marys?
-I love you!
Als!
Wanna get some bloodies?
-You two are sociopaths.
You realise that, right?
-Come on!
-Hi, Raquel Fein.
-Look at you!
A lady rabbi!
Come in.
-Oh-- thank you.
-You're far too attractive
for a lady rabbi.
-Oh, thank you.
So I-- I-- heard
about Ed's health.
I wanted to pay a visit.
How is he?
-Oh!
Let me get you a Vitamin water.
They were on sale
at the supermarket.
-No, thank you.
-Are you sure?
-It's supposed to be some
kind of healthy soda.
You don't mind if I do, do you?
-Please!
Who am I to stand between a
congregate and her vitamins,
no matter what the flavour.
-Oh.
Mm.
-Oh, worth it?
-Oh, delish.
-Oh good.
So--
-'Quel?
-Yes?
-Are you married?
-I am married to my
job at the moment.
-Probably better off.
-I'm not too sure.
-Although my Joshy
is not married.
Maybe you two could meet.
He's gorgeous,
absolutely gorgeous.
How old are you?
-So, do you think that Ed
would like a little visit?
Maybe I could read to him?
-Are those Jewish books?
-Yes, hot off the
presses 2,500 years ago.
-No, he wouldn't like those.
He likes Dean Koontz.
You got any Dean Koontz?
-Is this OK?
-Yeah, it's great.
Thank you.
-Can we get two Bloody
Marys right away.
-Sure.
-Ah!
-Um, where the fuck is she?
-Oh!
I'm going to order
a baked potato.
-You guys, this is,
literally, the saddest place
I've ever been.
-Can you-- could you just sit
down, and order some food?
-No, I don't want
to just sit down.
What are you guys doing?
-Ali, we're just going
to get some sustenance,
and then we'll go back out,
and keep looking for him.
-God!
A tank full of lobsters
just waiting to die.
This is the last place
they're ever going to see.
This place?
Look at this place.
Somebody decorated this.
This is literally
somebody's best attempt.
This is what they're
spending their blood, sweat,
and tears on.
-It's adorable.
-And then a lady over there
with her chicken piccata.
She's saving half of
her dinner for later.
So she can bring
it home, and eat it
with the bread and the
little pats of butter.
-What's wrong with that?
-In front of her
fucking Dateline--
-What is the problem?
- --with a folding table,
and her fuzzy slippers.
-OK, all right, OK.
-No, it's not all right.
And the disgusting
koi pond out there
with the little bloated fish.
It's so sad.
And your dead baby that--
-What?
-I'm--
-Sorry
-I'm sorry.
-What?
What?
What dead baby?
-My ex-girlfriend
had an abortion.
-Why doesn't anyone
tell me anything?
-No, I wasn't going to tell you.
I haven't seen you.
-You know that Mum
and Dad had all of us
before they were my age.
Can you imagine?
Before they were my age.
God!
They must've been terrified.
She didn't know
what to do with us.
The doctors in those
days were telling
women not to breastfeed.
We were all just miserable
and crying and sick,
because we were just
eating that gross formula.
She had the tits.
They were just sitting
there, big and leaky.
But she didn't know
what to do with them,
'cause she was told it
was wrong to use them.
And who's she going to talk to?
-Well, I'm not hungry anymore.
-Not Dad.
Jesus Christ, not Dad.
Oh my god.
-I'm worried about you.
-I have to tell him.
-No.
-Yes.
-Ali!
-It's crazy.
-Tell me what?
-It's not ours to tell.
You're scaring the shit
out of me right now.
-I love you very much.
-What?
-Dad is a woman.
Thinks he's a woman.
Wants to be a woman.
Something like that.
-He's trans.
It's not funny, Josh.
-Wait, you guys are serious?
-Yeah, we're serious.
-How we doing over here?
Can I get something else?
-Yeah.
Can I get another Bloody Mary?
-Me too.
-Me three.
-Three?
You got it.
-You left them?
-I left them.
How do you misplace them?
-You left your
balls in Thailand?
-I misplaced them in Bangkok.
-Isn't that a song?
I left my balls-- listen,
speaking of which.
I'm sick and tired of
singing "Happy Talk".
Can I tell you that?
-From "South Pacific"?
-It is from "South Pacific."
-I know "South Pacific".
I saw Ezio Pinza.
-I don't know what
that means, and here's
what I'm going to say.
I have way too many needy
queers to wrangle that night.
-Would I be considered a needy
queer if I asked to be in it?
-Yes.
-Yeah--
-With you.
-Yes.
-We'll sing a duet.
-We'll kill.
-No.
-We will--
-Nuh-uh.
-Come on.
-Please?
-Do a duet with her.
-No.
-Come on.
-All right, I'll think about it.
No.
Hey girl, I think
that guy in the suit
is really checking you out.
-No, girl.
That's not my type.
He's two square.
-You get that all
the time, don't you?
'Cause you're so pretty.
-Oh, thanks.
Well, I'm glad someone's
looking after all
the work I've put in
to look like this.
-Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
-Yeah, did you do hormones?
Is that all right to ask?
-Yeah, you know.
They're the first step, really.
You learn to put up
with the mood swings,
and what-not to keep
the skin looking right.
Right?
-Mm-hmm, like butter.
Your skin's like butter.
-It's shea butter.
MAURA: It's so nice.
-The only thing I hated
about taking the hormones
was the weight gain, the weight
gain, and the weight gain.
Oh my god.
Like a tick I blew up.
Girl, that guy is
still starting at you.
Shea, that guy at the bar.
-Oh, god.
-He's still staring at you.
-Don't.
Please don't egg him on.
Stop girl, looking at him.
-Look, OK, I'm sorry.
-Oh shit.
-What's wrong?
-I know him.
-Bonjour mademoiselle.
-Bonjour.
-You have got fabulous eyes.
They're like Liz Taylor's.
-Oh, OK.
Thanks.
-What's your name?
-Davina.
Oh, you meant her.
-Hello.
And you are?
-Shea.
-Hey, Shea.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hey Gar.
-Jesus Christ.
Morty?
-Been a little while since
the squash courts, huh?
-I guess so.
-Uh, uh, wha--
what's all of this?
-Oh, uh, well this is a-- some
people call this a necklace.
Um.
This is a-- I guess you
would call it a rap.
Mm.
Here's a ring.
-That's fingernail polish, huh?
-How's Helen?
-Helen?
-Helen.
-She got the lap band.
She's great.
She's much happier.
-Good.
-Jesus Christ.
Help me out here, Morty.
I'm telling yo-- I'm sorry.
-All right, Gary.
-I need a minute to wrap
my head around this.
Uh--
-Well-- well-- take your time.
Our families went to
Montecito together.
-Yeah.
Yeah, we did.
Montecito.
Those were good times.
-They were.
-Hm.
Hm.
Ah.
No hard feelings.
-None.
-Um.
Yeah.
-Bye Gar.
-Oh my god, Josh.
How many Bloody
Marys did you have?
-So wait, does
this mean he's gay?
-No.
He still likes women.
-Well, technically, that
does make him a lesbian.
-Fuck.
-Let me tell you
something, Raquel.
You're actually-- you're not--
you're not getting any younger.
And then you're going to be
an old rabbi with no children.
I'm telling you.
And then you're going to have
arthritis like-- oh my god,
look!
Look!
They're all here!
All three of you!
-So Mum, is he back?
-No.
-We went to the warehouse.
-Ah!
You went to the warehouse.
You didn't tell me you were
going to the warehouse.
You got me something.
What did you get me?
-I'm not saying.
-Oh, my kids love me.
My daughter loves me.
Oh god, kiss me.
-I'm the only one
who remembered.
-Hey.
-Hi.
-So do these people
got a way with a wedge?
-Mum, Josh needs to lie down.
He's had way too much to drink.
JOSH: Oh, please.
I can handle four bloodies.
-So Mum, how was that
doctor's appointment?
Huh?
Joshy!
This is the rabbi.
Rabbi Raquel.
This is Josh, I was
telling you about.
He's single and gorgeous.
-Yep.
Did you hear that?
-I did, many, many times.
-Isn't he gorgeous?
-The whole package.
-Is she-- is she on board.
Are we doing this?
Hey wait, does Mom
know about Dad?
-You know what?
Why don't we let the rabbi go?
OK?
-No, no no, no no, no no.
She's got to stay, because
we need you, like bad.
Because something happened
at lunch that came out,
Mum, that I don't know
if you know about it.
-No what?
-You guys, Ed has
been missing all day.
-So sorry, Ed is missing?
-Yes.
-We need to call somebody.
-But Dad--
-I think if Ed is
missing, then someone
should probably call the police.
-Police, thank you, yes.
I'm going to call the police.
-Wait, on who?
-We're not calling
me on anybody, Sarah.
Ed is missing.
We're calling to see
if they've found him.
-No, all right.
Well that's--
-What I'm trying to say is
Dad is a fucking transvestite.
-That is not the word, OK?
He's trans.
-Oh, that.
Of course, I know that.
You think I'm a dummy?
-Oh my god.
-You know?
-Where the fuck is the phone?
-You knew?
-It's his thing.
It's his little private kink.
Everyone has one.
It's something you can confirm.
Right, rabbi?
Everyone has one.
-I suppose everybody
has one or t--two.
-Thank you.
-No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
He's doing it all the time.
He's doing it in public.
-Ah-- yes, I'd like to
report a missing person.
-So he's out there dressing
up outside like a woman?
-Yes.
-Mum--
-Oh.
-Mum, how old is Ed?
-71.
Oh, wait.
That's not true,
he's 70, uh, 74.
-They went to the Beverly
Centre with him like that, Mum.
-Eww.
No one goes to the
Beverly Centre.
-Does he have any
distinguishing marks?
-Any what?
Distinguishing marks?
That's a stupid question.
Everyone has
distinguishing mark.
-Is that true, rabbi?
-I suppose everybody has
one or two, like, you know,
freckles or birthmarks.
-What our Ed's
distinguishing marks, Mum?
-Oh my god.
It's so obvious now
why Dad wasn't around.
It's because he was
playing Little Bo Peep.
But what about you, Mum?
What's your excuse?
You got a little secret that
you were doing while you were
paying Rita to distract
me with her tits?
-Why are you humiliating
me like this?
-You're going to add that
into the whole thing?
-Just shut the fuck up.
-I'm going to give
you space and privacy.
I'll be back.
-Please stay.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, please.
Please.
I'm sorry.
Will you please help us?
Please?
-Well, I can-- I'll try.
-Thank you.
-He's back.
[MUSIC PLAYING]